my immediate todo:


understand permissions and privelege mangament (how to promote for uninstalls like trusteduninstaller)
review firewall rules

hurry tf up and complete these


TODO FOR SEMIS:
FIX THE USER AUDITITING WTF AND MAKE SURE TO REMOVE CHOCO FROM SCRIPT (JUST DO IT AFTER)
retry heist image -> check if dlls actually broken. try actually doing in order so fixing malware stuff before script and try fixing firewall with psexec. in startup registry key find out what the actual exec was.
configure service on/off tool. remember what you learned about ftp
go into depth about net firewalls?
  possbily blocking port 21 for ftp if not allowed or smth like that
you can bypass execution policy with bash
learn how the windows file system actually works
perhaps start baselining? --file permissions
make the appsec file and start adding stuff to it. first find out all crit services from old messages in the server. 
  find out how to develop a method that would consistently flag all manually installed packages on the system.
wtf the audit poplicies aren't in the gpo. manually do the setaudit policy thing from the OG policy script --> take it out of policy wiper lmfao
  maybe change the Audit.csv file in the lgpo. if not, either keep the script in policy wiper, make a seperate audit policy script, or just attempt reimporting and exporting the LGPO and see what happens.
move the appmgmt order so it's, uninstall, update, install
fix errors with scriptAutoRun and script as a whole. get rid of the r to confirm bs
apply the other registry changes
GO THROUGH A CHECKLIST OF CORE WINDOWS UTILITIES THAT MUST BE UP/WORKING BEFORE STARTING ANYTHING AFTER FORENSICS QUESTIONS
netstat more more more
  find out which pid's are bad
get config files for appsec for common critical applications
LOOK THROUGH SERVICES AGAIN
secure various ports. learn how to use netstat -ano or other netstat tools to find network backdoors or bad ports)
(IMPORTANT) figure out core issues with system after forensics. you should understand the general problems and make a plan of attack before even beginning scripts
PRACTICE WITH THE EVENT VIEWER / ID LIST TO FIND IMPORTANT CHANGES
have fallback for after completion
make sure rdp stuff is there and in checklist
once everything is done start actually learning how things work so you can tepuvlefix service or malware issues you’re gonna destroy vedanth and gideon
Are there any ports I should straight up block for connections? How do I harden my windows 10 machine network wise
look at insecure drivers
look at insecure DLLs
actually look into stigs
man tf up and do all the images once these are all done.



MISSING FROM APERTURE:
24, 28, 29, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 52, 53, 61(get from searchthrough script), 62(get from script), 63, 64, 65, 66-73, 83-91
GO THROUGH EVERYTHING WITH CHAT GPT
CHAT GPT'd/REMEDIATED ONES:
24(cis), 

IMAGE ATTEMPT ORDER : ZOO, KALIPATRIOT HEIST, APERTURE, BALDIS BASICS, MAYBE KAC?




 It is company policy to use only Windows 10 LTSB 2019 on this computer. It is also company policy to use only the latest, official, stable Windows 10 LTSB 2019 packages available for required software and services on this computer. Management has decided that the default web browser for all users on this computer should be the latest stable version of Firefox.

Critical software needed for crew member duties includes Firefox, FileZilla Client, Notepad++, and IfranView. All of these programs should be up-to-date and secured.

Management has decided that BitLocker should be used to provide full disk encryption on this computer. This should provide an extra measure of security if malicious actors were to gain physical access to this computer. This computer does not have a TPM, however, management still wants full disk encryption to be enabled.

SSH is the authorized remote access protocol for this device, and as such needs to remain enabled. After recent suspicious logs, a new security measure for SSH is needed; SSH needs to be changed to operate on port 223.

This computer is currently being used as an SMB server for sharing business-critical files such as documents about the next heist. No Hostage information should be kept here!

Critical Services:

    OpenSSH Server (sshd)
    File Sharing (smb)
